Disable MPTCP by default (#11918)
containous/traefik: docs/content/migration/v2.md

| `/foo/../bar`     | PathPrefix(`/bar`)     | Match            | Match            |
| `/foo/%2E%2E/bar` | PathPrefix(`/foo`)     | Match            | No match         |
| `/foo/%2E%2E/bar` | PathPrefix(`/bar`)     | No match         | Match            |

## v2.11.28

### MultiPath TCP

Since `v2.11.28`, the MultiPath TCP support introduced with `v2.11.26` has been removed.
It appears that enabling MPTCP on some platforms can cause Traefik to stop with the following error logs message:

- `set tcp X.X.X.X:X->X.X.X.X:X: setsockopt: operation not supported`

> However, it can be re-enabled by setting the `GODEBUG=multipath=1` environment variable.

Author: ```suggestion
However, it can be re-enabled by setting `multipathtcp` the GODEBUG environment variable, see the related [go documentation](https://go.dev/doc/godebug#go-124).
```
